So I realize not everyone has experience working with containers on AWS.
And since we're covering that within this module,
I'm going to give you just a really quick overview.
We're actually not going to talk about the CDK in this clip.
And if you're familiar with the container services,
feel free to move on through.
Now here let's look at the different services that are available on AWS.
First of all, we have Amazon ECS, or elastic container service,
which is a container orchestration service that AWS built for their platform.
And then we have AWS Fargate, which really uses a lot of ECS.
But what it does is it provides a managed cluster layer for you,
so you don't have to manage the underlying instances
that your containers are running on.
And generally,
you should use Fargate unless you have a reason to need more capabilities,
in which case you might want to use ECS.
But if you're used to Kubernetes and you really want to use that,
there is also the EKS service where you can leverage Kubernetes within AWS.
Now there's also another service we're going to be interacting with,
and that is the ECR, which is the AWS container registry.
And we'll be using this for our container images here within this module.
Now let's talk about some different ECS terms,
and then we'll get into Fargate in just a minute.
So what you're going to do with ECS is you're going to
deploy your containers onto a cluster.
In this case, you're going to have a cluster instance,
and really you're going to have more than one in most cases.
So let's say that we have two potentially spanning
two different availability zones.
Well, the first term that we need to be familiar with is a task.
So let's say that we define here that we have a task
for our sample web application,
and it's going to contain both a web server and a database.
So here we have two different containers running within one task.
Well,
we probably want to have some different rules about how
many of our tasks we have up and running.
Now let's say we want to have a rule saying that we want to
have this kind of working across both of our cluster
instances so we have high availability.
Well,
these kind of rules for how we deploy our tasks and how
many of them we need to have up and running at any given
point in time is called a service.
So here we have an app service.
But our clusters can actually have more than one service on them.
So maybe we have another task that is going to
handle reporting for our application.
We also want to have that running across both availability zones,
and this might be contained within another service called our reporting service.
But if you remember when I talked about Fargate,
the benefit of Fargate is you don't have to manage
those underlying cluster instances.
You still define tasks.
You still define a service.
So let's talk about how you actually deploy a Fargate application.
So here we first have our VPC,
and this is going to be the same VPC that we created earlier within this course.
And if you remember, we created both public and private subnets within our VPC.
So here, within our private subnet,
this is where our Fargate container is going to live. And here we're going to
have one task which is going to be our web server task,
and it's only going to have a single container. And then we'll define
rules for the service for how that works with Fargate.
And then what we're going to have is we're going to have a public subnet,
which is going to contain an application load balancer or ALB.
And the way it'll work is that any incoming traffic will go
through that load balancer in the public subnet.
And then from there,
it will be able to communicate from the public subnet to
the private subnet to our container. So that's what we're going to be implementing within this module.